SOARHELP-2713 Mssccm: Feature - support for different authentication methods (#11)
splunk-soar-connectors/microsoftsccm: manual_readme_content.md

By default WinRM HTTP uses port 80. On Windows 7 and higher the default port is 5985.  
By default WinRM HTTPS uses port 443. On Windows 7 and higher the default port is 5986.

The use of the HTTP_PROXY and HTTPS_PROXY environment variables is
currently unsupported.

### Authentication

> This app uses different default authorisation method, when FIPS is enabled:

Reviewer: Maybe sth more like:
```suggestion
This app uses different default authorisation method depending on whether FIPS is enabled:
```

By default WinRM HTTP uses port 80. On Windows 7 and higher the default port is 5985.  
By default WinRM HTTPS uses port 443. On Windows 7 and higher the default port is 5986.

> This app uses NTLM authorization by default when FIPS is disabled and basic HTTP when FIPS is enabled. 

Reviewer 2: I think a table with all the options and what they mean would be best
